+++
title = 'CCexhibitA'
date = 2006-04-01T15:48:00+00:00
draft = false
description = 'Converted from twiki - v1.1'
cover.hidden = true
#tags = []
+++

%META:TOPICPARENT{name="<a href="TermsandConditions4" class="wikilink">TermsandConditions4</a>"}%

## APPENDIX A

### Form of Registration Agreement

1\. **AGREEMENT**.� In this Registration Agreement ("Agreement") "you"
and "your" refer to the registrant of each domain name registration,
"we", �us" and "our" refer to TUCOWS Inc. and� �Services� refers to the
domain name registration provided by us as offered through (�RSP�).�
This Agreement explains our obligations to you, and explains your
obligations to us for the Services.

2\. **SELECTION OF A DOMAIN NAME**.� You represent that, to the best of
the your knowledge and belief, neither this registration of a domain
name nor the manner in which it is directly or indirectly to be used
infringes upon the legal rights of a third party and, further, that the
domain name is not being registered for nor shall it at any time
whatsoever be used for any unlawful purpose whatsoever.

3\. **FEES**.� As consideration for the Services, you agree to pay the
RSP the applicable service(s) fees.� All fees payable hereunder are
non-refundable. As further consideration for the Services, you agree to:
(1) provide certain current, complete and accurate information about you
as required by the registration process; and (2) maintain and update
this information as needed to keep it current, complete and accurate.�
All such information shall be referred to as account information
("Account Information").� By submitting this Agreement, you represent
that the Account Information and all other statements put forth in your
application are true, complete and accurate.� Both Tucows and the
Registry reserve the right to terminate your domain name registration
if: (i) information provided by you or your agent is false, inaccurate,
incomplete, unreliable, misleading or otherwise secretive; or (ii) you
have failed to maintain, update and keep your Account Information true,
current, complete, accurate and reliable.� You acknowledge that a
violation of this Section 3 will constitute a material breach of this
agreement which will entitle either us or the Registry to terminate this
agreement immediately without any refund and without notice to you.�

4\. **TERM**. �This Agreement shall remain in full force during the
length of the term of your domain name registration(s) as selected,
recorded, and paid for upon registration of the domain name.� Should you
choose to renew or otherwise lengthen the term of your domain name
registration, then the term of this Registration Agreement shall be
extended accordingly. Should the domain name be transferred to another
Registrar, the terms and conditions of this contract shall cease.

5\. **MODIFICATIONS TO AGREEMENT**.� You agree that either we or the
Registry may: (1) revise the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and
(2) change the services provided under this Agreement.� You agree to be
bound by any such revision or change will which shall be effective
immediately upon posting on our web site or upon notification to you by
e-mail or your country�s postal service pursuant to the Notices section
of this Agreement.� You agree to review this Agreement as posted on our
web site periodically to maintain an awareness of any and all such
revisions.� If you do not agree with any revision to the Agreement, you
may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing us with notice by
e-mail or postal service pursuant to the Notices section of this
Agreement.� Notice of your termination shall be effective after
processing by us.� You agree that, by continuing the use of Services
following notice of any revision to this Agreement or change in
service(s), you shall be bound by any such revisions and changes.� You
further agree to be bound by the Registry dispute policy (�Dispute
Policy�) as presently written and posted on
<http://www.nic.cc/policies/dispute.html> and as shall be amended from
time to time.� You acknowledge that if you do not agree to any such
modifications, you may request that your domain name be deleted from the
domain name database.

6\. **MODIFICATIONS TO YOUR ACCOUNT**.� In order to change any of your
account information with us, you must use your Account Identifier and
Password that you selected when you opened your account with us.� You
agree to safeguard your Account Identifier and Password from any
unauthorized use.� In no event shall we be liable for the unauthorized
use or misuse of your Account Identifier or Password.

7\. **DOMAIN NAME DISPUTE POLICY**. �If you reserved or registered a
domain name through us, or transferred a domain name to us from another
registrar, you agree to be bound by the Dispute Policy that is
incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement by reference.� The
current version of the Dispute Policy may be found at
http://www.nic.cc/policies/dispute.html.� Please take the time to
familiarize yourself with this policy.

8\. **DOMAIN NAME DISPUTES**. �You agree that, if the registration or
reservation of your domain name is challenged by a third party, you will
be subject to the provisions specified in the Dispute Policy.� You agree
that in the event a domain name dispute arises with any third party, you
will indemnify and hold us harmless pursuant to the terms and conditions
contained in the Dispute Policy.�� You acknowledge that neither we nor
the Registry screen or otherwise review your domain name application to
verify that you have the legal right to use a particular word or term.�
You are strongly encouraged to perform a trademark search with respect
to the words and/or phrases comprising your domain name prior to
applying for registration of the domain.� You agree that you will be
solely liable in the event that your use of a domain constitutes an
infringement or other violation of a third party�s rights.�

9\. **POLICY**.� You agree that your registration of the domain name
shall be subject to suspension, cancellation, or transfer pursuant to a
Tucows, Registry, regulatory or government-adopted policy, or pursuant
to any registrar or registry procedure not inconsistent with a Tucows,
Registry, regulatory or government-adopted policy, (1) to correct
mistakes by us or the Registry in registering the name, or (2) for the
resolution of disputes concerning the domain name.� You acknowledge and
understand that by accepting the terms and conditions of this agreement
you shall be bound by Registry policies and any pertinent rules or
policies that exist now or in the future and which are posted on the
Registry website at http://www.nic.cc.� You are responsible for
monitoring the Registry�s site on a regular basis.� In the event that
you do not wish to be bound by a revision or modification to any
Registry policy, your sole remedy is to cancel your domain name
registration by following the appropriate Registry policy regarding such
cancellation.�

10\. **AGENCY**.� Should you intend to license use of a domain name to a
third party you shall nonetheless be the domain name holder of record
and are therefore responsible for providing your own full contact
information and for providing and updating accurate technical and
administrative contact information adequate to facilitate timely
resolution of any problems that arise in connection with the domain
name.� You shall accept liability for harm caused by wrongful use of the
domain name.� You represent that you have provided notice of the terms
and conditions in this Agreement to any third party licensee and that
the third party agrees to the terms hereof.

11\. **ANNOUNCEMENTS**.� We reserve the right to distribute information
to you that is pertinent to the quality or operation of our services and
those of our service partners.� These announcements will be
predominately informative in nature and may include notices describing
changes, upgrades, new products or other information to add security or
to enhance your identity on the Internet.

12\. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**.� You agree that our entire liability,
and your exclusive remedy, with respect to any Services(s) provided
under this Agreement and any breach of this Agreement is solely limited
to the amount you paid for such Service(s).� Neither we nor our
contractors or third party beneficiaries, including but not limited to
Verisign, Inc. and eNic Corporation, shall be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages resulting from
the use or inability to use any of the Services or for the cost of
procurement of substitute services.� Because some jurisdictions do not
allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, in such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to
the extent permitted by law.� We disclaim any and all loss or liability
resulting from, but not limited to: (1) loss or liability resulting from
access delays or access interruptions; (2) loss or liability resulting
from data non-delivery or data mis-delivery; (3) loss or liability
resulting from acts of God; (4) loss or liability resulting from the
unauthorized use or misuse of your account identifier or password; (5)
loss or liability resulting from errors, omissions, or misstatements in
any and all information or services(s) provided under this Agreement;
(6) loss or liability resulting from the interruption of your Service.
You agree that we will not be liable for any loss of registration and
use of your domain name, or for interruption of business, or any
indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any kind
(including lost profits) regardless of the form of action whether in
contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise, even if we have
been advised of the possibility of such damages.�

13\. **INDEMNITY**.� You agree to release, indemnify, and hold us, our
contractors, agents, employees, officers, directors, affiliates and
third party beneficiaries, including but not limited to Verisign, Inc.
and eNic Corporation, harmless from all liabilities, claims and
expenses, including attorney's fees, of third parties relating to or
arising under this Agreement, the Services provided hereunder or your
use of the Services, including without limitation infringement by you,
or someone else using the Service of any intellectual property or other
proprietary right of any person or entity, or from the violation of any
of our operating rules or policy relating to the Service(s) provided.
You also agree to release, indemnify and hold us harmless pursuant to
the terms and conditions contained in the Dispute Policy.� When we are
threatened with suit by a third party, we may seek written assurances
from you concerning your promise to indemnify us; your failure to
provide those assurances shall be a breach of your Agreement and may
result in deactivation of your domain name.

14\. **SCOPE OF REGISTRATION**.� You will be entitled to exclusive use
of the domain name during the term of the registration.� Notwithstanding
the foregoing, you shall not use, display, exploit or register a domain
name which action may constitute illegal activity or be in contravention
or violation of a Tucows or Registry policy.� You acknowledge that a
breach of this clause will constitute a material breach of this
agreement which will entitle either Tucows or the Registry to terminate
this agreement immediately upon such breach without any refund.� In
addition, both we and/or the Registry may, in our sole discretion,
refuse registration of your desired domain name within thirty (30)
calendar days from receipt of payment.� Neither Tucows nor the Registry
shall be liable for any loss, damage or other injury whatsoever
resulting from any refusal to register your desired domain name.�

15\. **TRANSFER OF OWNERSHIP**.� The person named as registrant on the
WHOIS shall be the registered name holder.� The person named as
administrative contact at the time the controlling user name and
password are secured shall be deemed the designate of the registrant
with the authority to manage the domain name. You agree that prior to
transferring ownership of your domain name to another person (the
Transferee") you shall require the Transferee to agree in writing to be
bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement.� Your domain
name will not be transferred until we receive such written assurances or
other reasonable assurance that the Transferee has been bound by the
contractual terms of this Agreement (such reasonable assurance as
determined by us in our sole discretion) along with the applicable
transfer fee.� If the Transferee fails to be bound in a reasonable
fashion (as determine by us in our sole discretion) to the terms and
conditions in this Agreement, any such transfer will be null and void.

16\. **BREACH**.� You agree that failure to abide by any provision of
this Agreement, any operating rule or policy or the Dispute Policy, may
be considered by us to be a material breach and that we may provide a
written notice, describing the breach, to you.� If within fifteen (15)
calendar days of the date of such notice, you fail to provide evidence,
which is reasonably satisfactory to us, that you have not breached your
obligations under the Agreement, then we may delete the registration or
reservation of your domain name. Any such breach by you shall not be
deemed to be excused simply because we did not act earlier in response
to that, or any other breach by you.

17\. **NO GUARANTY**.� You acknowledge that registration or reservation
of your chosen domain name does not confer immunity from objection to
either the registration, reservation, or use of the domain name.

18\. **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES**.� You agree that your use of our
Services is solely at your own risk.� You agree that such Service(s) is
provided on an "as is," "as available" basis.� We expressly disclaim all
warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not
limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose and non-infringement.� We make no warranty that the
Services will meet your requirements, or that the Service(s) will be
uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free; nor do we make any
warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the
Service(s) or as to the accuracy or reliability of any information
obtained through the Service or that defects in the Service will be
corrected.� You understand and agree that any material and/or data
downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of Service is done at
your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for
any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the
download of such material and/or data.� We make no warranty regarding
any goods or services purchased or obtained through the Service or any
transactions entered into through the Service.� No advice or
information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through
the Service shall create any warranty not expressly made herein.��

19\. **INFORMATION**.� As part of the registration process, you are
required to provide us certain information and to update us promptly as
such information changes such that our records are current, complete and
accurate. You are obliged to provide us the following information:

(i)����������� Your name and postal address (or, if different, that of
the domain name holder);

\(ii\) The domain name being registered;

\(iii\) The name, postal address, e-mail address, and voice and fax (if
available) telephone numbers of the administrative contact for the
domain name;

\(iv\) The name, postal address, e-mail address, and voice and fax (if
available) telephone numbers of the billing contact for the domain name.

Any other information, which we request from you at registration, is
voluntary. Any voluntary information we request is collected for the
purpose of improving the products and services offered to you through
your RSP.

20\. **DISCLOSURE AND USE OF REGISTRATION INFORMATION**.� You agree and
acknowledge that either we and/or the Registry may make directly
available to third parties or publicly available, some or all, of the
Account Information for inspection through our WHOIS service and for any
other purposes as may be required or permitted by applicable laws or
policies.� You hereby irrevocably waive and release Tucows and/or the
Registry from any and all claims and causes of action you may have
arising from any disclosure, use, or unauthorized access of your Account
Information.�

21\. **REVOCATION**.� Your wilful provision of inaccurate or unreliable
information, your wilful failure promptly to update information provided
to us, or any failure to respond to inquiries by us addressed to the
email address of the registrant, the administrative, billing or
technical contact appearing in the �Whois� directory with respect to a
domain name concerning the accuracy of contact details associated with
the registration shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement
and be a basis for cancellation of the domain name registration.� Any
information collected by us concerning an identified or identifiable
natural person (�Personal Data�) will be used in connection with the
registration of your domain name(s) and for the purposes of this
Agreement and as required or permitted by the ICANN Agreement or an
ICANN/Registry Operator policy.

22\. **RIGHT OF REFUSAL**.� We, in our sole discretion, reserve the
right to refuse to register or reserve your chosen domain name or
register you for other Services. In the event we do not register or
reserve your domain name or register you for other Services, or we
delete your domain name or other Services within such thirty (30)
calendar day period, we agree to refund your applicable fee(s).� You
agree that we shall not be liable to you for loss or damages that may
result from our refusal to register, reserve, or delete your domain name
or register you for other Services.

We reserve the right to delete or transfer your domain name within a
thirty (30) day period following registration if we believe the
registration has been made possible by a mistake, made either by us or
by a third party.

23\. **SEVERABILITY**.� You agree that the terms of this Agreement are
severable. If any term or provision is declared invalid or
unenforceable, that term or provision will be construed consistent with
applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions
of the parties, and the remaining terms and provisions will remain in
full force and effect.

24\. **NON-AGENCY**.� Nothing contained in this Agreement or the Dispute
Policy shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other
form of joint enterprise between the parties.

25\. **NON-WAIVER**.� Our failure to require performance by you of any
provision hereof shall not affect the full right to require such
performance at any time thereafter; nor shall the waiver by us of a
breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the
provision itself.

26\. **NOTICES**.� Any notice, direction or other communication given
under this Agreement shall be in writing and given by sending it via
e-mail or via postal service.� In the case of e-mail, valid notice shall
only have been deemed to have been given when an electronic confirmation
of delivery has been obtained by the sender. In the case of e-mail,
notifications must be sent to us at <lhutz@tucows.com>, or in the case
of notification to you, to the e-mail address provided by you in your
WHOIS record. Any e-mail communication shall be deemed to have been
validly and effectively given on the date of such communication, if such
date is a business day and such delivery was made prior to 4:00 p.m.
E.S.T., otherwise it will be deemed to have been delivered on the next
business day. In the case of regular mail notice, valid notice shall be
deemed to have been validly and effectively given five (5) business days
after the date of mailing and, in the case of notification to us or to
RSP shall be sent to:

Our address:

> TUCOWS Inc.
>
> 96 Mowat Avenue
>
> Toronto, Ontario
>
> <a href="M6K" class="wikilink">M6K</a> 3M1
>
> Attention:� Legal Affairs

and in the case of notification to you shall be to the address specified
in the �Administrative Contact� in your WHOIS record.

27\. **ENTIRETY**.� You agree that this Agreement, the rules and
policies published by us and the Dispute Policy are the complete and
exclusive agreement between you and us regarding our Services.� This
Agreement and the Dispute Policy supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, whether established by custom, practice, policy or
precedent.

28\. **GOVERNING LAW**.� This Agreement shall be governed by and
interpreted and enforced in accordance with the LAWS OF Province of
ontario and the FEDERAL LAWS OF canada applicable therein without
reference to rules governing choice of laws. Any action relating to this
Agreement must be brought in ontario and you irrevocably consent to the
jurisdiction of such courts.

29\. **INFANCY**.� You attest that you are of legal age to enter into
this Agreement.

30\. **FORCE MAJEURE**.� You acknowledge and agree that neither we nor
the Registry shall be responsible for any failure or delay in performing
our respective obligations hereunder arising from any cause beyond our
reasonable control, including but not limited to, acts of God, acts of
civil or military authority, fires, wars, riots, earthquakes, storms,
typhoons and floods.�

31\. **FOREIGN LANGUAGE**; Controlling Language.� In the event that you
are reading this agreement in a language other than the English
language, you acknowledge and agree that the English language version
hereof shall prevail in case of inconsistency or contradiction in
interpretation or translation.�

32\. Acceptance of Agreement.� **YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS
AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU HAVE
INDEPENDENTLY EVALUATED THE DESIRABILITY OF THE SERVICE AND ARE NOT
RELYING ON ANY REPRESENTATION AGREEMENT, GUARANTEE OR STATEMENT OTHER
THAN AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT.**
