+++
title = 'OthersSay'
date = 2006-07-29T14:04:00+00:00
draft = false
description = 'Converted from twiki - v1.2'
cover.hidden = true
#tags = []
+++

%META:TOPICPARENT{name="[ApplicationDevelopment](ApplicationDevelopment "wikilink")"}%

### What Other's Are Saying About Platform Independent Enterprise Software

If we can't convince you of the viability of PIES over traditional
client/server technologies then please consider what others are saying.

Quoting Reed Taussig from his October 16th article, "\<a
href="<http://www.callidussoftware.com/callidus/news/99/10.17.html>"
target="\_blank"\>Why client/server software giants will die out\</a\>"
on SiliconValley.com.

"So the question becomes this: As these client/server based companies
fade, what will take their place? The answer can be found in the
emergence of Internet-enabled systems being developed by a generation of
newer, smaller, more agile, what might be called "business performance
systems" companies. These differ from their client/server predecessors
in that they are developing specialized, industry and solution-specific
applications rather than giant omnibus programs that often take years
and millions of dollars to implement. These new companies offer easy and
quickly installed solutions for particular problems. They feature
products that are easy to use, including an ability to be hosted
off-site or easily downloaded onto a company's existing computer
systems. Instead of taking years to get up and running, they can be
brought online in weeks or months."

Flamingo Internet Navigators is one of those new companies emerging with
the technology to dramatically change the way you do business and
dramatically reduce your expenditures. Contact us today to discuss the
success we have brought to other businesses and to see exactly how your
company can start benefitting from this technology today.
