    +++
    title = 'TermsandConditions4'
    date = 2009-03-31T22:16+00:00
    draft = false
    description = 'Converted from twiki - v1.6'
    cover.hidden = true
    #tags = []
    +++

## Flamingo Internet Navigators Terms and Conditions for Web Hosting and other Internet Services

1 March 2002

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND ACCEPTABLE USE GUIDELINES
CAREFULLY BEFORE OPENING OR CONTINUING AN ACCOUNT WITH Flamingo Internet
Navigators (hereafter referred to as FINI). These Terms, Conditions and
Acceptable Use Guidelines represent the complete Agreement and
understanding between FINI and you, the FINI account holder, and
supersede any other written or oral agreement pertaining to your FINI
services. By using FINI services, you agree to be bound by and to comply
with this Agreement, just as if you had signed it. Violation of any
provision of this Agreement is grounds for immediate termination of your
FINI account.

**IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, YOU SHOULD
IMMEDIATELY END YOUR USE OF FINI SERVICES AND NOTIFY FINI SO THAT FINI
MAY INITIATE CLOSURE OF YOUR ACCOUNT.**

FINI may be contacted by email at \<a
href="[mailto:support@fini.net](mailto:support@fini.net)"
class=link\><support@fini.net>\</a\> or by regular mail at:

Flamingo Internet Navigators\<br /\> 349 Bridgewater Drive\<br /\>
Newport News, VA 23603

FINI reserves the right to modify the Terms, Conditions and Acceptable
Use Guidelines, and/or modify the prices of its services, as well as
discontinue or change the services offered. A notification will be made
by email when modifications are made, however, it will be the
responsibility of the account holder to keep informed about these
changes. Your continued use of FINI's services following such
notification will be deemed acceptance of the modification.

***1.00 Provision of Services***

1.01 This Agreement defines the terms, conditions, and acceptable use
for all types of accounts offered by FINI. FINI "services" are defined
as the use of computing, telecommunications, software, and information
services provided by FINI. These services also include the provision of
access to computing, telecommunications, software and information
services provided by others via the global Internet.

1.02 FINI will provide services on its computing systems to you in
exchange for recurring payment of subscription fees and full compliance
with this agreement.

1.03 FINI reserves the right to discontinue any and all services to you
at any time, without prior notice or liability, for any conduct which
FINI, in its sole discretion, believes violates these Terms, Conditions
and Acceptable Use Guidelines, or is otherwise harmful to FINI's
interests or the interests of other account holders.

1.04 You may use FINI's services for lawful purposes, in compliance with
all applicable laws including copyright and trademark law. Unlawful
activities include storing, distributing or transmitting any unlawful
material through FINI services, attempting to compromise the security of
any Internet account or site, or making direct threats of physical harm.

1.05 To comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to
operate its systems properly, or to protect itself or its account
holders, FINI reserves the right to access and disclose any information.
This may include disclosing the usernames of accounts and other
information. FINI will fully cooperate with law enforcement authorities
in investigating suspected lawbreakers, and reserves the right to report
to law enforcement any suspected illegal activity it becomes aware of.

1.06 When FINI becomes aware of possible violations of this Agreement,
FINI may, in its sole discretion, choose to initiate an investigation.
This investigation may include gathering information from account
holders and examining material on FINI's servers. During investigations,
FINI may suspend accounts involved in a violation and/or remove the
material involved from its servers. If FINI believes, in its sole
discretion, that a violation of this Agreement has occurred, it may
temporarily or permanently remove material from FINI servers, warn the
account holder(s) involved, suspend or terminate the account(s)
responsible, and take other responsive action. FINI, in its sole
discretion, will determine what action will be taken in response to a
violation on a case-by-case basis. Violations of this Agreement could
also subject you to criminal or civil liability.

1.07 You are responsible for obtaining the Internet access required to
connect to FINI services, including computer hardware, software and
Internet access provider services. FINI does not provide Internet access
services, hardware or software. You are responsible for ensuring that
such equipment or service is compatible with FINI's requirements. These
requirements include conformance to the appropriate Internet Request for
Comments (RFC's). RFC's can be obtained from \<a
href="<ftp://ftp.chicks.net/pub/rfc/std/>"\><ftp://ftp.chicks.net/pub/rfc/std/>\</a\>
as well as other public archives such as \<a class=link
href="<http://www.ietf.org/>"\><http://www.ietf.org/>\</a\>.

1.08 Any use of FINI scripts or software or third-party scripts or
software distributed by FINI is governed by the End-user License
Agreement that accompanies such scripts or software. Use of such
software indicates your acceptance of the terms therein.

1.09 Certain services performed by FINI may require passing personal
information about FINI account holders to third parties. Such services
include, but are not limited to, obtaining secure server certificates,
applying for credit card merchant accounts, and registering information
with the InterNIC, ARIN, or other registries for those account holders
who wish to own their own Internet domain name. FINI can not be held
responsible for the lack of privacy that these third party entities may
offer.

1.09b **[OpenSRS](OpenSRS "wikilink")**: When requesting FINI to
transfer or register your domain you are also obligated to comply with
TUCOWS, Inc.'s [registration agreement](ExhibitA).

1.10 FINI reserves the right to obtain, lease and utilize the products
and services of third party vendors in order to maintain services to
account holders. Examples of services may include, but are not limited
to, Internet connections, Internet servers, or any other product or
service that FINI deems necessary to maintain services to its account
holders.

1.11 **Tariffs**: Services will be provided under FINI Tariffs, subject
to the rates, terms and conditions in such tariffs as well as the
contract tariffs ("CT"), if applicable, (collectively "Applicable
Tariffs"), as those Applicable Tariffs may be modified from time to
time. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this form
(including its addenda, if any) and the FINI Tariffs, the terms of the
FINI Tariffs shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between
the terms of the CT, if applicable, and the FINI Tariffs, the terms of
the CT, shall prevail. Except for changes to the Applicable Tariffs, no
change, modification or waiver of any of the terms of this Agreement
shall be binding unless reduced to writing and signed by an authorized
representative of both parties and to the extent required by law, filed
with the FCC. If FINI voluntarily or involuntarily as a result of
government action cancels, in whole or in part, any Tariff(s) referenced
herein, then effective on such cancellation, service will be provided
thereafter in accordance with FINI Tariff(s) which remain in effect as
amended from time to time and which will be provided to Customer on
request.

1.12 **Agency Authorization.** The customer authorizes FINI to act as
agent for Customer as necessary, pursuant to the Letter of
Authorization, to provide the Service, including but not limited to,
ordering telecommunications and other services or facilities and
increasing, adding to, terminating, decreasing, removing or rearranging
such service or facilities on Customer's behalf.

1.13 **Facilities.** The furnishing of service under this Agreement is
subject to the availability on a continuing basis of all necessary
facilities and is limited to the capacity of FINI's facilities, and/or
that of FINI's underlying carriers. Without the specific consent of
FINI, Customer shall have no right of access to the facilities or any
other real or personal property of FINI and shall refrain from any
contact whatsoever with said facilities and/or other FINI property.

1.14. **Equipment & Location.** If facilities and / or equipment are a
part of the Customer's services provided under this Agreement, the
Customer will not allow unreasonably or cause any facility or equipment
of FINI or FINI providers to be rearranged, moved, modified, damaged,
repaired, or relocated without FINI's consent. Customer shall be
responsible for ensuring that the equipment, wiring, space, and
associated facilities, conduit and rights-of-way are protected against
fire, theft, vandalism, or other casualty and that the use thereof
complies with applicable laws, rules, regulations, and contractual
obligations. Customer will not create or allow any liens or other
encumbrances to be placed on any such facilities or equipment of FINI or
FINI Providers. If Customer relocates or changes the place of the
Service provided under any Service Order, Customer will pay all
additional installation and related charges associated with such
relocation. All FINI equipment or FINI provider equipment shall be
returned to FINI upon termination of this Agreement.

***2.00 Payment of fees***

2.01 Current recurring and setup fees for FINI services can be found on
the Web on the FINI web site found at

\<a class=link href="<http://www.fini.net>"\><http://www.fini.net>\</a\>
FINI will publish an online notice of fee increases at least 30 days
before such increases take effect.

2.02 FINI services are offered on a prepay basis. Payment for a minimum
of one billing period of services must be received prior to the billing
period's start date. Accounts that do not abide to the payment terms set
forth herein are subject to suspension and/or account termination. You
acknowledge responsibility that, even if your account is terminated, you
will be held liable for any balance owed on the account.

2.03 Acceptable means of payment include Cash, Personal Check, Cashier's
Check, and Corporate Account Checks. Payment for a FINI account or
service by fraudulent means will result in immediate and permanent
termination of the account, and possible criminal penalties.

2.04 FINI reserves the right to charge a setup fee to reinstate
suspended or terminated accounts.

2.05 **There is a $25.00 service charge for each returned check**.

2.06 If you believe FINI has billed you incorrectly, you must contact
FINI no later than 30 days after the date on the first billing statement
in which the error or problem appeared, in order to receive an
adjustment or credit. Inquiries should be directed to FINI's Billing
Department (\<a class=link
href="[mailto:billing@fini.net](mailto:billing@fini.net)"\><billing@fini.net>\</a\>),
and should include all available information about the suspected error.

2.07 Usage charges, if applicable, will be billed in arrears, and
rounded up to the next whole cent. In the event FINI is unable to record
usage for any part of a billing period, FINI shall be entitled to make a
reasonable estimate of Customer's usage of services for that billing
period. Customer will pay all invoices within ten (10) days after the
invoice date and shall send its payments to the address specified on the
invoice. FINI may, in addition, to any other remedies available to it,
impose a late payment charge of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per
month on any invoice not paid within such 10-day period. Failure of
Customer to receive any invoice in no way relieves Customer of the
obligation to pay for any rendered services.

***3.00 Cancellation and Termination***

3.01 To cancel your account, you must contact FINI support via email or
postal mail. Cancellation requests must include the account's login
name, and your name, address and phone number and other identifying
information as they appear in FINI's billing records. If the information
provided to FINI for an account does not match the account's records,
cancellation may be delayed or prevented. Accounts cannot be canceled
over the phone.

3.02 All cancellation requests must be received by 1:00 PM Eastern
Standard Time on a regular business day to be processed the same day.
Otherwise, your request may not be processed until the following
business day.

3.03 All FINI accounts must be paid in full before a cancellation will
be considered complete. Unused time will not be pro-rated.

3.04 If a FINI account is canceled, suspended or terminated, FINI may
maintain the account for 30 days. You may contact FINI within that time
to inquire about reopening a suspended account, or forwarding mail or
files to another address. FINI reserves the right to refuse to forward
the mail and/or files of any account terminated for violation of any
provision of the Terms, Conditions and Acceptable Use Guidelines. If you
do not contact FINI within 30 days, your account and associated files
will be deleted from FINI's servers, and FINI will not be able to reopen
it or restore files. FINI is not responsible for maintaining material
that it deletes from its servers as a result of a determination that the
material violates any provision of the Terms, Conditions and Acceptable
Use Guidelines.

3.05 **Term & Renewal.** Upon expiration of the Initial Term of all or
any part of the Service, this Agreement and the affected Service and all
the terms and conditions hereof shall continue on a month-to-month basis
unless renewed for a different term or terminated by either party upon
thirty (30) days prior written notice or until otherwise terminated
pursuant to the provisions of these Terms and Conditions.

3.07. **Service Charges.** Customer shall pay to FINI all Monthly
Recurring Charges, Usage Charges and Installation Charges set forth on
the front of this Agreement, and any addenda, and all non-recurring
charges related to the Service plus all applicable excise, sales use or
other taxes, fees, or allocations or charges applicable to the Service.
Such fees, tax charges, etc. will be separately stated in FINI Invoices.
Service Charges shall be due and payable commencing on the earlier of
the Request for Service date specified on the quote or the date on which
Customer first utilizes the Service. Service Charges for local access or
other service or facilities arranged for or ordered by FINI on
Customer's behalf shall become due on the Request for Service date.

3.08. **Termination.** FINI may terminate this Agreement, or any Service
Order, in whole or in part, or suspend the Service at any time upon: (a)
Any failure of Customer to pay any undisputed amounts due hereunder -
after the Customer has received notice from FINI, to be provided in
writing; (b) Any breach by Customer of any material provision of this
Agreement or any Service Order, (c) Any insolvency, bankruptcy,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, appointment of a trustee or
receiver or similar event with respect to Customer; or (d) Any
governmental prohibition or required alteration of the Service provided
hereunder or any violation of applicable law, rule or regulation. No
such termination shall relieve Customer of its obligations under this
Agreement, or any Service Order, including without limitation, the
obligation to make payments for the Service provided prior to
termination. The rights and obligations of the parties shall survive any
such termination or other cancellation or expiration of this Agreement
or any Service Order:

3.08.1 **DSL, [InterLATA](InterLATA "wikilink") Private Line & Frame
Relay Service.** In the event Customer cancels or terminates the DSL,
Private Line or Frame Relay Service under this Agreement or any Service
Order prior to the end of the Initial Term or any subsequent Renewal
Term, Customer agrees to pay FINI a termination charge (as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty) as follows: (1) All non-recurring charges
specified in this Agreement or any Service Order, plus (2) All
disconnection, early cancellation or termination charges reasonably
incurred by FINI on Customer's behalf, plus (3) The monthly recurring
charge indicated in the Agreement times the number of months remaining
in the term.

3.08.2 **[IntraLATA](IntraLATA "wikilink") Private Line Services.** For
services terminated prior to the end of the term, FINI will calculate
the closest term satisfied by customer and revalue service rates
according to the appropriate monthly rate for the term satisfied.
Customer also agrees to pay all disconnection, early cancellation or
termination charges reasonably incurred by FINI on the Customer's
behalf.

3.08.3 **Voice and ISDN Services.** For voice services or ISDN usage
services terminated prior to the end of the term, Customer agrees to pay
(as liquidated damages and not as a penalty), all prior usage re-rated
at the rates of the next nearest term completed. All termination charges
shall be due and payable within thirty (30) days of the effective date
of termination.

***4.00 "As Is" Services; Limitation of Liability, Indemnification***

4.01 **"As Is" Services.** You acknowledge that FINI services are
provided "as is". FINI, its employees, agents, suppliers, vendors and
distributors make no warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied,
regarding the quality, accuracy, or validity of the data and/or
information available on its systems, or residing on or passing through
its interconnecting networks, or that FINI services will be
uninterrupted or error free. FINI expressly excludes any implied
warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose to the
fullest extent possible by law.

4.02 **Limitation of Liability.** Neither party shall be liable to the
other for any loss, damage, liability, claim or expense arising out of
or in relation to this Agreement or your use of or inability to use FINI
services, other than for payment of fees due under Section 3 and for
indemnification under section 4.0, however caused, whether grounded in
contract, tort (including negligence) or theory of strict liability. Use
of information obtained from or through FINI is at your own risk. Under
no circumstances will FINI be liable to you or any other person for any
loss or damage caused by reliance on data or information available from
or on FINI's services and systems. You agree to waive and hold FINI
harmless from any claims relating to any action taken by FINI as part of
its investigation of a suspected violation of this Agreement or as a
result of its conclusion that a violation of this Agreement has
occurred. This means you cannot sue or recover any damages whatsoever
from FINI's decision to remove material from its servers, warn you,
suspend or terminate your account, or take any other action during the
investigation of a suspected violation or as a result of FINI's
conclusion that a violation has occurred. This waiver applies to all
violations described in the Terms, Conditions and Acceptable Use
Guidelines.

**IN NO EVENT SHALL FINI BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
PUNITIVE OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
ACCOUNT HOLDER'S USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE FINI's SERVICES. FINI's
ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE AT FINI's OPTION,
EITHER RETURN OF THE SERVICE FEES PREPAID OR REPLACEMENT OF
SERVICES.**In any case, FINI's entire liability under or arising out of
this Agreement shall be limited to the amount you paid for the service
in the twelve (12) months prior to the act or injury that gave rise to
the liability. However, some jurisdictions may not allow a limitation on
liability for negligence that causes death or personal injury, and FINI
limits its liability in such jurisdictions only to the degree allowed by
the applicable laws.

4.03 **Indemnification**: Each party agrees to indemnify, defend and
save the other, its successors and assigns harmless from any suits,
liabilities, claims or demands (including costs, expenses, and
attorney's fees on account thereof) that may be made by (1) anyone, for
injuries, including death to persons or damage to property (including
theft), resulting from the indemnifying parties acts or omissions or
those of persons furnished by such party, or by (2) persons furnished by
indemnifying party or any subcontractor under Worker's Compensation or
similar acts. Each party shall maintain adequate insurance to cover such
obligations noted above, and shall provide the other party evidence of
such insurance upon request, (3) any copyright violation or claim of
infringement of any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other
proprietary interest based on the possession, use or sale or any
material products and/or product(s) & service(s), information, programs,
or equipment furnished to the other party under this Agreement or in
contemplation of this Agreement.

4.04 **Force Majeure**: If the performance of the respective obligations
of FINI or Customer under this Agreement shall be prevented or
interfered with by reason of a Force Majeure, then that party shall not
be liable to the other for its failure to perform such obligations and
such failure shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement. "Force
Majeure" as used herein shall include without limitation: fire, flood,
earthquake, other acts of God, explosion, strike or other labor dispute,
riot or civil disturbance, war (whether declared or undeclared) or armed
conflict, failure of common carrier or "carrier's carrier," interruption
of power, municipal ordinance including any state or federal law,
governmental order or regulation or order of any court of competent
jurisdiction, or any other similar thing or occurrence not within the
control of the party.

***5.00 Acceptable Use Guidelines***

5.01 ***Use of Services*** \<A name="useserv"\>\</a\>

5.01.1 The account holder agrees to use FINI's services only for lawful
purposes, in compliance with all applicable laws, and in accordance with
all provisions set forth in the Terms, Conditions and Acceptable Use
Guidelines. Violation of any provision of this Agreement is grounds for
immediate termination of your FINI account.

5.01.2 The account holder of record is responsible for all use of the
account, with or without the knowledge of consent of the account holder.

5.02 ***Use of Material***

5.02.1 Materials in the public domain (e.g., images, text and programs)
may be downloaded or uploaded using FINI services. Account holders may
also redistribute materials in the public domain. The account holder
assumes all risk regarding the determination of whether the material is
in the public domain. \<a name="usemat2"\>\</a\>

5.02.2 The account holder is prohibited from storing, distributing or
transmitting any unlawful material through FINI services. Examples of
unlawful material include but are not limited to direct threats of
physical harm, child pornography, and copyrighted, trademarked and other
proprietary material used without proper authorization. The account
holder may not post, upload or otherwise distribute copyrighted material
on FINI's servers without the consent of the copyright holder. The
storage, distribution, or transmission of unlawful materials could
subject the account holder to criminal as well as civil liability, in
addition to account termination. \<A name="usemat3"\>\</a\>

5.02.3 The account holder may not store or distribute certain other
types of material on FINI's servers. Examples of prohibited material
include, but are not limited to, material judged, at FINI's sole
discretion, as threatening, obscene, pornographic, profane, or material
protected by trade secrets. This also includes links or any connection
to such materials.

5.03 ***Passwords***

5.03.1 Each FINI account user is responsible for the security of his or
her password(s). Secure passwords are at least 6 characters long,
contain letters of mixed case and non-letter characters, and cannot be
found in whole or in part, in normal or reverse order, in any dictionary
of words or names in any language. The account holder is responsible for
changing his or her password(s) regularly.

5.03.2 FINI staff may monitor the security of account holder's
password(s) at any time. An account with an insecure password may be
directed to change the password to one which complies with the above
rules. Account holders who repeatedly choose insecure passwords may be
assigned a password by FINI; continued failure to maintain password
security may be grounds for account termination.

5.04 ***System Security***

5.04.1 The account holder is prohibited from utilizing FINI services to
compromise the security or tamper with system resources or accounts on
computers at FINI or any other site. Use or distribution of tools
designed for compromising security is prohibited. Examples of these
tools include but are not limited to password guessing programs,
cracking tools or network probing tools.

5.04.2 FINI reserves the right to release the usernames of account
holders involved in violations of system security to system
administrators at other sites, in order to assist them in resolving
security incidents. FINI will also fully cooperate with law enforcement
authorities in investigating suspected lawbreakers.

5.05 ***System Resources***

5.05.1 FINI will allocate system resources to provide all account
holders with the best service possible. As a part of resource
allocation, FINI may limit, restrict or prioritize access to system
resources, including CPU time, memory, disk space, session length, and
number of sessions.

Additionally, FINI may institute services and fees for account holders
who are interested in accessing system resources above and beyond
acceptable usage.

5.05.2 System abuse is defined as any use FINI resources which disrupts
the normal use of the system or Internet services for others. Examples
of system abuse include, but are not limited to, attempting to disrupt
the sessions of other Internet users, consuming excessive amounts of CPU
time, memory or disk space, or otherwise affecting the performance of
FINI servers.

5.06 ***Web Page Publishing Guidelines***

5.06.1 The account holder is solely responsible for the content of Web
pages owned by the account.

5.06.2 FINI will investigate complaints regarding inappropriate material
on Web pages hosted on FINI servers and may, in its sole discretion,
require that the material be removed or take action as outlined in \<A
class=link href="#useserv"\>5.01.1\</a\> above. Criteria for determining
whether a page is appropriate include, but are not limited to, the
system resources consumed by the page and applicable laws.

5.06.3 Your account may be subject to additional fees depending on the
total web transfers or "hits" to your account. The exact details of this
rule depend on the type of account and are set forth in the account
service features list located on the FINI web site at \<A class=link
href="<http://www.fini.net>"\><http://www.fini.net>\</a\>

5.07 ***Email Use***

5.07.1 FINI will investigate complaints regarding email and may, in its
sole discretion, take action based on the rules below. If an email
message is found to violate one of the policies below, or to contain
unlawful material, as described in \<a class=link
href="#usemat2"\>5.02.2\</a\> and \<a class=link
href="#usemat3"\>5.02.3\</a\> above, FINI may take action as outlined in
\<a class=link href="#useserv"\>5.01.1\</a\> above.

5.07.2 FINI account holders may not send email to any user who does not
wish to receive it. FINI recognizes that email is an informal medium;
however, account holders must refrain from sending further email to a
user after receiving a request to stop.

5.07.3 **Unsolicited** advertising mailings, whether commercial or
informational, are strictly prohibited. FINI account holders may send
advertising material only to addresses which have specifically requested
it. FINI will not forward mail of accounts terminated for bulk mailing
or unsolicited advertising. More information can be found at \<a
class=link
href="<http://spam.abuse.net>"\><http://spam.abuse.net>\</a\>, but while
that site provides good information it should not be construed as
necessarily the policy of FINI.

5.07.4 FINI account holders may not send, propagate, or reply to mail
bombs. Mail bombing is defined as either emailing copies of a single
message to many users, or sending large or multiple files or messages to
a single user with malicious intent.

5.07.5 FINI account holders may not alter the headers of email messages
to conceal their email address or to prevent others from responding to
messages. Altering email headers may result in criminal prosecution as
well as account termination.

5.07.6 Violations of the FINI policies outlined in this document can
sometimes result in massive numbers of email responses. If a FINI
account holder receives so much email that FINI resources are affected,
FINI staff may shut down the account holder's mailbox. Any email sent
after the mailbox is shut down will be lost and FINI will not be
responding to messages. Altering email headers may result in criminal
prosecution as well as account termination.

5.07.6 Violations of the FINI policies outlined in this document can
sometimes result in massive numbers of email responses. If a FINI
account holder receives so much email that FINI resources are affected,
FINI staff may shut down the account holder's mailbox. Any email sent
after the mailbox is shut down will be lost and FINI will not be
responsible for recovering it.

5.08 ***FTP Use***

5.08.1 There is currently no limit per day for account FTP uploads to
servers. FTP downloads are included in the bandwidth and hit counts for
the account holder's web site.

***6.00 Miscellaneous***

6.01 This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, excluding its conflict of laws
principles, and the parties' consent to exclusive personal jurisdiction
of and venue in court of competent jurisdiction located in Williamsburg,
Virginia.

6.02 Section 4 and your obligation to pay amounts due under this
Agreement will survive termination of this Agreement.

6.03 If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for
any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent
necessary to effect the original intentions of the parties, and the
remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

6.04 Regular **business days** are Monday through Friday excluding
holidays. **Holidays** as defined by FINI are New Year's Day,
Independence Day, Labor Day, Memorial Day, Thanksgiving and the day
after Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve, Christmas, and New Year's Eve.

6.05 **Ownership of Work Product.** All original works of authorship,
fixed in any tangible medium of expression, including any computer
accessible medium, heretofore or hereafter created by FINI for Customer
shall remain the property of FINI and may not be shared with any
external party by Customer except upon such terms as may be agreed upon
between the parties in writing.

6.06 **Assignment Rights.** This Agreement shall not be assigned or
transferred by Customer to another party without the written consent of
FINI, which shall not be withheld unreasonably; however, FINI may assign
this Agreement to an affiliate.

Flamingians are known to thrive in large areas of uninhabitable
wastelands.

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="exhibita.htm" attachment="exhibita.htm"
attr="" comment="" date="1143915176" path="exhibita.htm" size="109856"
stream="exhibita.htm"
user="Main.[CynthiaManuel](CynthiaManuel "wikilink")" version="1"}%
