+++
title = 'OpenSRS/Tucows schedule/exhibit B'
date = 2006-04-01T06:11:00+00:00
draft = false
description = 'Converted from twiki - v1.1'
cover.hidden = true
#tags = []
+++

%META:TOPICPARENT{name="[TermsandConditions4](TermsandConditions4 "wikilink")"}%

## SCHEDULE B

### Form of Registration Agreement

**AGREEMENT**.� In this Registration Agreement ("Agreement") "you" and
"your" refer to the registrant of each domain name registration, "we",
�us" and "our" refer to TUCOWS Inc. and �Services� refers to the domain
name registration provided by us as offered through (�RSP�).� This
Agreement explains our obligations to you, and explains your obligations
to us for various Services. \<p\>**SELECTION OF A DOMAIN NAME**. You
represent that:\<p\>(i) the data provided in the domain name
registration application is true, correct, up to date and complete,
\<p\>(ii) to the best of the your knowledge and belief, neither this
registration of a domain name nor the manner in which it is directly or
indirectly to be used infringes upon the legal rights of a third party;
\<p\>(iii) that the domain name is not being registered for nor shall it
at any time whatsoever be used for any unlawful purpose
whatsoever\<p\>(iv) the registered domain name will be used primarily
for bona fide business or commercial purposes and not (a) exclusively
for personal use, or (b) solely for the purposes of (1) selling, trading
or leasing the domain name for compensation, or (2) the unsolicited
offering to sell, trade or lease the domain name for
compensation;\<p\>(v) you have the authority to enter into this
Registration Agreement; and\<p\>(vi) the registered domain name is
reasonably related to your business or intended commercial purpose at
the time of registration.

**FEES.**� As consideration for the Services you have selected, you
agree to pay the RSP the applicable service(s) fees.� All fees payable
hereunder are non-refundable.� As further consideration for the
Services, you agree to: (1) provide certain current, complete and
accurate information about you as required by the registration process
and (2) maintain and update this information as needed to keep it
current, complete and accurate.� All such information shall be referred
to as account information ("Account Information").� By submitting this
Agreement, you represent that the statements in your Application are
true, complete and accurate.

**TERM.**�This Agreement shall remain in full force during the length of
the term of your domain name registration(s) as selected, recorded, and
paid for upon registration of the domain name. Should you choose to
renew or otherwise lengthen the term of your domain name registration,
then the term of this Registration Agreement shall be extended
accordingly. Should the domain name be transferred to another Registrar,
the terms and conditions of this contract shall cease. \<p\>

**MODIFICATIONS TO AGREEMENT.** You agree that we may: (1) revise the
terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (2) change the services
provided under this Agreement.� You agree to be bound by any such
revision or change will which shall be effective immediately upon
posting on our web site or upon notification to you by e-mail or your
country�s postal service pursuant to the Notices section of this
Agreement.� You agree to review this Agreement as posted on our web site
periodically to maintain an awareness of any and all such revisions.� If
you do not agree with any revision to the Agreement, you may terminate
this Agreement at any time by providing us with notice by e-mail or
postal service pursuant to the Notices section of this Agreement.�
Notice of your termination shall be effective after processing by us.�
You agree that, by continuing the use of Services following notice of
any revision to this Agreement or change in service(s), you shall be
bound by any such revisions and changes.� You further agree to be bound
by the ICANN Uniform Dispute Resolution Policy (�Dispute Policy�) as
presently written and posted on \<a
href="<http://www.opensrs.org/legal/udrp.shtml>"\><http://www.opensrs.org/legal/udrp.shtml>\</a\>
and as shall be amended from time to time.� You acknowledge that if you
do not agree to any such modifications, you may request that your domain
name be deleted from the domain name database. \<p\> **MODIFICATIONS TO
YOUR ACCOUNT**.� In order to change any of your account information with
us, you must use your Account Identifier and Password that you selected
when you opened your account with us.� You agree to safeguard your
Account Identifier and Password from any unauthorized use.� In no event
shall we be liable for the unauthorized use or misuse of your Account
Identifier or Password. \<p\> **DOMAIN NAME DISPUTE POLICY.**�If you
reserved or registered a domain name through us, or transferred a domain
name to us from another registrar, you agree to be bound by the Dispute
Policy that is incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement by
reference.� The current version of the Dispute Policy may be found at
\<a
href="<http://www.opensrs.org/legal/udrp.shtml>"\><http://www.opensrs.org/legal/udrp.shtml>\</a\>.�
Please take the time to familiarize yourself with this policy.

**DOMAIN NAME DISPUTES.**�You acknowledge having read and understood
and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the following
documents, as they may be amended from time to time, which are hereby
incorporated and made an integral part of this Agreement:\<p\>(i) The
Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (�Dispute Policy),
available at <http://www.icann.org/udrp/udrp.htm>;\<p\>(ii) The Start-Up
Dispute Resolution Policy (�SUDRP�), available at
<http://www.neulevel.com/countdown/stop.html>; and\<p\>(iii) The
Restrictions Dispute Resolution Criteria and Rules (�RDRP�), available
at <http://www.neulevel.com/>;\<p\>(collectively, �Dispute
Policies�).\<p\>The SUDRP sets forth the terms and conditions in
connection with a dispute between a registrant of a .biz domain name
(�Registrant�) with any third party (other than Neulevel, Inc.
(�Registry Operator�) or Tucows over the registration or use of a .biz
domain name registered by you that is subject to the Start-up
Intellectual Property Notification Service (�SIPNS�).� SIPNS is a
service introduced by Registry Operator to notify a trademark or service
mark holder (�Claimant�) that a second-level domain name has been
registered in which that Claimant claims intellectual property rights.�
In accordance with the SUDRP and its associated Rules, those Claimants
will have the right to challenge registrations through independent
ICANN-accredited dispute resolution providers.\<p\>The Dispute Policy
sets forth the terms and conditions in connection with a dispute between
a Registrant and any party other than the Registry Operator or Registrar
over the registration and use of an Internet domain name registered by
Registrant.\<p\>he RDRP sets forth the terms under which any allegation
that a domain name is not used primarily for business or commercial
purposes shall be endorsed on a case-by-case, fact specific basis by an
independent ICANN-accredited dispute provider.\<p\> **POLICY**.� You
agree that your registration of the domain name shall be subject to
suspension, cancellation, or transfer pursuant to any Tucows, Registry
Operator, ICANN or government-adopted policy, or pursuant to any
registrar or registry procedure not inconsistent with an ICANN or
government-adopted policy, (1) to correct mistakes by us or the
applicable Registry in registering the name or (2) for the resolution of
disputes concerning the domain name.\<p\> **AGENCY**.� Should you intend
to license use of a domain name to a third party you shall nonetheless
be the domain name holder of record and are therefore responsible for
providing your own full contact information and for providing and
updating accurate technical and administrative contact information
adequate to facilitate timely resolution of any problems that arise in
connection with the domain name.� You shall accept liability for harm
caused by wrongful use of the domain name.� You represent that you have
provided notice of the terms and conditions in this Agreement to a third
party licensee and that the third party agrees to the terms hereof.

**ANNOUNCEMENTS**.� We reserve the right to distribute information to
you that is pertinent to the quality or operation of our services and
those of our service partners. These announcements will be predominately
informative in nature and may include notices describing changes,
upgrades, new products or other information to add security or to
enhance your identity on the Internet.\<p "\> **LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY**.� You agree that our entire liability, and your exclusive
remedy, with respect to any Services(s) provided under this Agreement
and any breach of this Agreement is solely limited to the amount you
paid for such Service(s).� Neither we nor our contractors or third party
beneficiaries shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special or consequential damages resulting from the use or inability to
use any of the Services or for the cost of procurement of substitute
services.� Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or
limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such
jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the extent permitted by law.
We disclaim any and all loss or liability resulting from, but not
limited to: (1) loss or liability resulting from access delays or access
interruptions; (2) loss or liability resulting from data non-delivery or
data miss-delivery; (3) loss or liability resulting from acts of God;
(4) loss or liability resulting from the unauthorized use or misuse of
your account identifier or password; (5) loss or liability resulting
from errors, omissions, or misstatements in any and all information or
services(s) provided under this Agreement; (6) loss or liability
resulting from the interruption of your Service. You agree that we will
not be liable for any loss of registration and use of your domain name,
or for interruption of business, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential damages of any kind (including lost profits) regardless
of the form of action whether in contract, tort (including negligence),
or otherwise, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such
damages. In no event shall our maximum liability exceed five hundred
($500.00) dollars.\<p\> **INDEMNITY.**�You agree to release, indemnify,
and hold us, our contractors, agents, employees, officers, directors,
affiliates and third party beneficiaries harmless from all liabilities,
claims and expenses, including attorney's fees, of third parties
relating to or arising under this Agreement, the Services provided
hereunder or your use of the Services, including without limitation
infringement by you, or someone else using the Service of any
intellectual property or other proprietary right of any person or
entity, or from the violation of any of our operating rules or policy
relating to the Service(s) provided. You also agree to release,
indemnify and hold us harmless pursuant to the terms and conditions
contained in the Dispute Policy.� When we are threatened with suit by a
third party, we may seek written assurances from you concerning your
promise to indemnify us; your failure to provide those assurances shall
be a breach of your Agreement and may result in deactivation of your
domain name.\<p "\> **TRANSFER OF OWNERSHIP.**� The person named as
Registrant at the time the user name and password are secured shall be
the owner of the domain name. You agree that prior to transferring
ownership of your domain name to another person (the Transferee") you
shall require the Transferee to agree in writing to be bound by all the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.� Your domain name will not be
transferred until we receive such written assurances or other reasonable
assurance that the Transferee has been bound by the contractual terms of
this Agreement (such reasonable assurance as determined by us in our
sole discretion) along with the applicable transfer fee.� If the
Transferee fails to be bound in a reasonable fashion (as determine by us
in our sole discretion) to the terms and conditions in this Agreement,
any such transfer will be null and void.� You acknowledge that you will
not be entitled to change registrars during the first sixty (60) days
following the registration of your domain name.\<p\> **BREACH.**� You
agree that failure to abide by any provision of this Agreement, any
operating rule or policy or the Dispute Policy provided by us, may be
considered by us to be a material breach and that we may provide a
written notice, describing the breach, to you.� If within thirty (30)
calendar days of the date of such notice, you fail to provide evidence,
which is reasonably satisfactory to us, that you have not breached your
obligations under the Agreement, then we may delete the registration or
reservation of your domain name. Any such breach by you shall not be
deemed to be excused simply because we did not act earlier in response
to that, or any other breach by you.\<p\>

**NO GUARANTY.**� You acknowledge that registration or reservation of
your chosen domain name does not confer immunity from objection to
either the registration, reservation, or use of the domain name.

**DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.**� You agree that your use of our Services
is solely at your own risk.� You agree that such Service(s) is provided
on an "as is," "as available" basis.� We expressly disclaim all
warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not
limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose and non-infringement.� We make no warranty that the
Services will meet your requirements, or that the Service(s) will be
uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free; nor do we make any
warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the
Service(s) or as to the accuracy or reliability of any information
obtained through the Service or that defects in the Service will be
corrected.� You understand and agree that any material and/or data
downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of Service is done at
your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for
any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the
download of such material and/or data.� We make no warranty regarding
any goods or services purchased or obtained through the Service or any
transactions entered into through the Service. No advice or information,
whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through the Service
shall create any warranty not expressly made herein.�� \<p\>
**INFORMATION**.� As part of the registration process, you are required
to provide us certain information and to update us promptly as such
information changes such that our records are current, complete and
accurate. You are obliged to provide us the following
information:\<p\>(i) Your name and postal address (or, if different,
that of the domain name holder);\<p\>(ii) The domain name being
registered;\<p\>(iii) The name, postal address, e-mail address, and
voice and fax (if available) telephone numbers of the administrative
contact for the domain name;\<p\>(iv) The name, postal address, e-mail
address, and voice and fax (if available) telephone numbers of the
billing contact for the domain name.\<p\>Any other information, which we
request from you at registration, is voluntary. Any voluntary
information we request is collected for the purpose of improving the
products and services offered to you through your RSP.\<p\> **
DISCLOSURE AND USE OF REGISTRATION INFORMATION.** You agree and
acknowledge that we will make domain name registration information you
provide available to ICANN, to the registry administrators, and to other
third parties as applicable.� You further agree and acknowledge that we
may make publicly available, or directly available to third party
vendors, some, or all, of the domain name registration information you
provide, for purposes of inspection (such as through our WHOIS service)
or other purposes as required or permitted by ICANN and applicable
laws.\<p\>You hereby consent to any and all such disclosures and use of
information provided by you in connection with the registration of a
domain name (including any updates to such information), whether during
or after the term of your registration of the domain name. You hereby
irrevocably waive any and all claims and causes of action you may have
arising from such disclosure or use of your domain name registration
information by us.\<p\>You may access your domain name registration
information in our possession to review, modify or update such
information, by accessing our domain manager service, or similar
service, made available by us through your RSP.\<p\>We will not process
data about any identified or identifiable natural person that we obtain
from you in a way incompatible with the purposes and other limitations
which we describe in this Agreement.\<p\>We will take reasonable
precautions to protect the information we obtain from you from our loss,
misuse, unauthorized accessor disclosure, alteration or destruction of
that information.\<p\>

**REVOCATION.**� Your wilful provision of inaccurate or unreliable
information, your wilful failure promptly to update information provided
to us, or your failure to respond for over fifteen (15) calendar days to
inquiries by us concerning the accuracy of contact details associated
with the your registration shall constitute a material breach of this
Agreement and be a basis for cancellation of the domain name
registration. \<p\> **RIGHT OF REFUSAL**.� We, and/or Registry Operator,
in our sole discretion, reserve the right to refuse to register or
reserve your chosen domain name or register you for other Services.� In
the event we do not register or reserve your domain name or register you
for other Services, or we delete your domain name or other Services
within such thirty (30) calendar day period, we agree to refund your
applicable fee(s).� You agree that we shall not be liable to you for
loss or damages that may result from our refusal to register, reserve,
or delete your domain name or register you for other Services.\<p\>We
reserve the right to delete or transfer your domain name following
registration if we believe the registration has been made possible by a
mistake, made either by us or by a third party.� We also reserve the
right to suspend a domain name during resolution of a dispute.\<p\> **
SEVERABILITY**.� You agree that the terms of this Agreement are
severable.� If any term or provision is declared invalid or
unenforceable, that term or provision will be construed consistent with
applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions
of the parties, and the remaining terms and provisions will remain in
full force and effect.\<p\> **NON-AGENCY**.� Nothing contained in this
Agreement or the Dispute Policies shall be construed as creating any
agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between the
parties.\<p\> **NON-WAIVER.**�Our failure to require performance by
you of any provision hereof shall not affect the full right to require
such performance at any time thereafter; nor shall the waiver by us of a
breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the
provision itself. \<p\>

**NOTICES.**� Any notice, direction or other communication given under
this Agreement shall be in writing and given by sending it via e-mail or
via postal service. In the case of e-mail, valid notice shall only have
been deemed to have been given when an electronic confirmation of
delivery has been obtained by the sender. In the case of e-mail,
notifications must be sent to us at \<a
href="[mailto:lhutz@tucows.com](mailto:lhutz@tucows.com)"\><lhutz@tucows.com>\</a\>,
or in the case of notification to you, to the e-mail address provided by
you in your WHOIS record. Any e-mail communication shall be deemed to
have been validly and effectively given on the date of such
communication, if such date is a business day and such delivery was made
prior to 4:00 p.m. EST, otherwise it will be deemed to have been
delivered on the next business day. In the case of regular mail notice,
valid notice shall be deemed to have been validly and effectively given
5 business days after the date of mailing and, in the case of
notification to us or to RSP shall be sent to:\<p\>Our
address:\<BR\>\<BR\>TUCOWS Inc.\<BR\>96 Mowat Avenue\<BR\>Toronto,
Ontario\<BR\>[M6K](M6K "wikilink") 3M1\<BR\>Attention:� Legal
Affairs\<BR\>\<BR\> and in the case of notification to you shall be to
the address specified in the �Administrative Contact� in your WHOIS
record. \<p\> **ENTIRETY.**� You agree that this Agreement, the rules
and policies published by us and the Dispute Policy are the complete and
exclusive agreement between you and us regarding our Services. This
Agreement and the Dispute Policy supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, whether established by custom, practice, policy or
precedent. \<p\>

**GOVERNING LAW.**� This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted
and enforced in accordance with the LAWS OF Province of ontario and the
FEDERAL LAWS OF canada applicable therein without reference to rules
governing choice of laws. Any action relating to this Agreement must be
brought in ontario and you irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of
such courts.\<p\> **INFANCY.**� You attest that you are of legal age to
enter into this Agreement.\<p\> **Acceptance of Agreement.**� YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL ITS TERMS
AND CONDITIONS. YOU HAVE INDEPENDENTLY EVALUATED THE DESIRABILITY OF THE
SERVICE AND ARE NOT RELYING ON ANY REPRESENTATION AGREEMENT, GUARANTEE
OR STATEMENT OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT.
