+++
title = 'FiniCommerce'
date = 2006-10-07T20:10:00+00:00
draft = false
description = 'Converted from twiki - v1.4'
cover.hidden = true
#tags = []
+++

%META:TOPICPARENT{name="[WebDesign](WebDesign "wikilink")"}%

### E-Commerce Solutions

E-Commerce is causing an upheaval that is shaking the very foundations
of business. Companies that have recognized the enormous opportunity and
have moved to establish an effective e-commerce presence have enjoyed
many benefits, including increased revenue from new and repeat
customers, new and innovative ways to add value and new methods for
interfacing with partners and suppliers.

> ***The Internet has created a wave that is engulfing just about every
> business and fundamentally effecting the way they operate.***

Intranets (*connecting employees and internal systems*) and Extranets
(*connecting external partners and systems*) are having a profound and
far-reaching impact on business. Why? Because Internet technology
provides the vehicle to make information available far more cheaply and
universally than any previous technology. As a result, the Internet has
created a wave that is engulfing just about every business and
fundamentally effecting the way they operate. The customers themselves
are driving much of this change. They are demanding online services such
as e-comerce, 24 hour service and support information, the ability to
check product availability and track their accounts.

It is essential that businesses understand and take advantage of the
unique capabilities of this new technology to maintain their competitive
edge, and in fact to remain viable. Not only must businesses understand
the complex technologies that are the Internet, they also must
understand how to integrate their Internet strategy with their overall
business strategy.

#### Integrating Technology and Business

In it's most basic form e-commerce is the system, or aggregate of
systems, which provides a method of paying for products or services
using digital technologies across the Internet. The minimal requirements
are:

\<ul\>\<li\>A secure web server - we like \<a
href="<http://www.apache.org/>" target="\_blank"\>apache\</a\>.\</li\>

\<li\>An account with a credit card processing organization - we
maintain active partnerships with the leading companies providing these
services, allowing us to offer you maximum flexibility and choice in
meeting your specific needs.\</li\>

\<li\>Software allowing for the selection and purchase of your product
or service.\</li\>\</ul\>

In it's most advanced form E-commerce is just one component of an
overall business value chain. It integrates with existing business
processes and systems, and should complement existing channels rather
than compete with them. It may need to integrate with or replace
existing information technology systems, such as inventory, accounting,
order processing, sales forecasting, customer information and Enterprise
Resource Planning (ERP) applications. The plan needs to examine the
level of integration required and the impact of e-commerce on other
processes and systems.

Because the Internet is a relatively new arena that is having a
far-reaching impact, many companies have not yet developed the necessary
skills and technology expertise in-house to create solutions that tap
the full potential of the Internet. Consumer's repeatedly demonstrate
their preference for web based automation that offers logical and useful
database interactivity. That's why it is important to partner with
companies such as FINI, that have the breadth of expertise, experience
and resources necessary for developing new strategies and improving
business processes using Internet-based technologies.

#### The Technology of Computing

The most unique and exciting quality of the web is that customer
interaction takes place within "live" media. Users expect a Web site, to
present information in an intuitive, compelling and efficient manner,
and still leverage the technology of computing. By utilizing standards
based programming languages like XML, Perl, CSS and HTML we deploy web
solutions that work. We rely on the proven FINI database architecture to
create secure, reliable and extensible database applications.
